"Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!" - Dita Von Teese
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
“It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.” – Vince Lombardi 
“Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.” – Og Mandino
"In the egoic state, your sense of self, your identity, is derived from your thinking mind - in other words, what your mind tells you about yourself: the storyline of you, the memories, the expectations, all the thoughts that go through your head continuously and the emotions that reflect those thoughts. All those things make up your sense of self." - Eckhart Tolle
"Wherever you are, be there totally. If you find your here and now intolerable and it makes you unhappy, you have three options: remove yourself from the situation, change it, or accept it totally. If you want to take responsibility for your life, you must choose one of those three options, and you must choose now. Then accept the consequences." - Eckhart Tolle
"Narrow your life down to this moment. Your life situation may be full of problems - most life situations are - but find out if you have a problem at this moment. Do you have a problem now?" - Eckhart Tolle
"It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness, and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end, because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines, it'll shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something. Even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something...there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo...and it's worth fighting for." - J. R. R. Tolkien
“Trifles make the sum of life.” - Charles Dickens
"The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." - Oscar Wilde
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking...you have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” - Marcus Aurelius
"There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so." - William Shakespeare